Update servers (#137)
openfisca/openfisca-ops: guides/Install-API-instance.md

Rent a server from any commercial provider, choosing a machine that:

> - Has `Ubuntu 20.04`, `Ubuntu 22.04` or `Ubuntu 24.04` as operating system. `24.10` is not supported at the time of writing (because of the [deadsnakes](https://github.com/deadsnakes/) PPA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Runs `Ubuntu 20.04`, `Ubuntu 22.04` or `Ubuntu 24.04` as operating system. (Note: `24.10` is not supported at the time of writing because of the [deadsnakes](https://github.com/deadsnakes/) PPA).
```

Reviewer: Not clear what it's saying about python versions here....

   …
```

## 3. Give proper rights to the deploy user

> The user that Ansible will connect as must have passwordless acess to `sudo` to set everything up properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user that Ansible will connect as must have password-less access to `sudo`.
```
